README.adoc, before:

# docker-commands

This projects is used for Docker commands documentation

## Docker documentation and download

* link:https://www.docker.com/products/overview[Download Docker]
* link:https://www.docker.com/what-docker[What is docker?]
* link:https://hub.docker.com/[Docker hub]

### Run
  $ docker run --name phoenix-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=admin -d mysql:5.7.13 -p 3306:3306
  
  $ docker run --name myKafka -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST='192.168.99.100' --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 spotify/kafka
  
  $ docker run -it --rm --name trace-eater -p 8080:8080 trace-eater
  
### Pull, get a docker image

  $ docker pull mongo
  
### Ps, get

  $ docker ps
  $ docker ps -all
  
### Exec, run a bash to this image

  $ docker exec -it myImage /bin/bash
  
### Build, you must hava a docker file

  $ docker build -t myImage .

## Example, complete example

  * Get docker
  
  $ docker pull spotify/kafka
  
  * Run docker
  
  $ docker run --name myKafka -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST='192.168.99.100' --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 spotify/kafka

  * Start docker 
  
  $ docker start myKafka

  * See containers 
  
  $ docker ps

  * Bash access to this image, with id or name
  
  $ docker exec -it f643274361a3 /bin/bash
  $ docker exec -it myKafka /bin/bash
  
  * Run script in this image after docker exec
  
  kafka-console-consumer.sh --zookeeper localhost:2181 --topic test --from-beginning
## Docker-machine

### Create, create a new docker machine with proxy

  docker-machine create -d virtualbox --engine-env HTTP_PROXY=http://user:password@proxy:8080 --engine-env HTTPS_PROXY=http://user:password@proxy:8080 --engine-env NO_PROXY=.corp --engine-insecure-registry newRegistry default-proxy
  
### Env, add environment viables after create docker-machine

  docker-machine env default-proxy

Commit message:

Update create docker-machine with -m param

README.adoc, after:

# docker-commands

This projects is used for Docker commands documentation

## Docker documentation and download

* link:https://www.docker.com/products/overview[Download Docker]
* link:https://www.docker.com/what-docker[What is docker?]
* link:https://hub.docker.com/[Docker hub]

### Run
  $ docker run --name phoenix-mysql -e MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD=admin -d mysql:5.7.13 -p 3306:3306
  
  $ docker run --name myKafka -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST='192.168.99.100' --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 spotify/kafka
  
  $ docker run -it --rm --name trace-eater -p 8080:8080 trace-eater
  
### Pull, get a docker image

  $ docker pull mongo
  
### Ps, get

  $ docker ps
  $ docker ps -all
  
### Exec, run a bash to this image

  $ docker exec -it myImage /bin/bash
  
### Build, you must hava a docker file

  $ docker build -t myImage .

## Example, complete example

  * Get docker
  
  $ docker pull spotify/kafka
  
  * Run docker
  
  $ docker run --name myKafka -p 2181:2181 -p 9092:9092 --env ADVERTISED_HOST='192.168.99.100' --env ADVERTISED_PORT=9092 spotify/kafka

  * Start docker 
  
  $ docker start myKafka

  * See containers 
  
  $ docker ps

  * Bash access to this image, with id or name
  
  $ docker exec -it f643274361a3 /bin/bash
  $ docker exec -it myKafka /bin/bash
  
  * Run script in this image after docker exec
  
  kafka-console-consumer.sh --zookeeper localhost:2181 --topic test --from-beginning
## Docker-machine

### Create, create a new docker machine with proxy

  docker-machine create -d virtualbox --engine-env HTTP_PROXY=http://user:password@proxy:8080 --engine-env HTTPS_PROXY=http://user:password@proxy:8080 --engine-env NO_PROXY=.corp --engine-insecure-registry newRegistry default-proxy
  
  * Some docker calculate the docker memory, and it may be a big memory use -m param (-m 512M).
  
### Env, add environment viables after create docker-machine

  docker-machine env default-proxy
